British English Academy.
A2 listening activity.
Course: A2 Everyday English.
Module 3: Travel, Services and Problem Solving.
Lesson 2: Travel, Services and Problem Solving: Vocabulary Lesson 2.
Listen and repeat the useful phrases.
Listen for useful words and phrases. Repeat the key vocabulary after the speaker.
Learning objective: Learners can describe, compare and exchange simple information in a vocabulary task about work.
Today you will practise language connected to work.
Target language: countable/uncountable nouns.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise vocabulary for travel, services and problem solving. You will learn useful language connected to work and practise countable/uncountable nouns. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A2 level.